# The-Mind-Reader-Book-Club-

  This is a website I created for the Codecademy assignment on responsive design. It is a website created for a fictional book club. I started the project by creating designs of the website in Figma. I created the layout, font, image placement, and sizes in Figma for desktop, tablet, and mobile. After I was happy with the design I created the structure in HTML. Once the structure was done I started to add the basic CSS that will be present across all the different sizes of screens.

  Once I had the basic css, I started to add the responsive css and madia queries. This is where I faced the most difficulty, because I didn't know how to apporach it or where to add the responsive css. I ended up starting with the images firt and it was difficult for me to get the sizes in percentages to match the layout I was aiming for. I was able to successfully get the book images to arrange themselves into a column when the screen size is minimized which was reassuring. I left the navigation bar for the end since it is mad eup of alot of components. I was able to set the size of the container to match the size of the screen, but I was unable to reduce the size of the header and the menu items based on the size of the screen. When the website was made the narrowest it could go,the header and menu items jtext would overflow. In the end, this project was a good introduction to Responsive Design and I have been able to identify areas where I need to learn more about like responsive design for navigation menus and images.
